# EN

## Exercise 1:

To solve this exercise, one approach could involve iterating over each character in the string and checking if it is a
space or not. If it is not a space, you can increment a counter variable. Finally, you can output the value of the
counter.

## Exercise 2:

For this exercise, you can prompt the user to enter three numbers and store them in variables. Then, you can compare the
numbers using conditional statements (if-else or elif) to determine which one is the largest. Finally, you can output
the largest number.

## Exercise 3:

To reverse a string, one approach could involve iterating over the characters of the string in reverse order and
appending each character to a new string. Finally, you can output the reversed string.

## Exercise 4:

To print all even numbers from 1 to a given number, you can use a loop (for or while) to iterate through each number in
that range. Then, you can check if each number is even or not using a conditional statement. If it is even, you can
output the number.

## Exercise 5:

To check if two strings are anagrams, you can compare the sorted versions of the strings. If the sorted strings are
equal, then the original strings are anagrams. You can also compare the frequencies of characters in the two strings to
check for anagrams.

## Exercise 6:

To count the number of vowels in a sentence, you can iterate over each character in the sentence and check if it is a
vowel. If it is, you can increment a counter variable. Finally, you can output the value of the counter.

## Exercise 7:

To find the sum of all numbers from 1 to a given positive integer, you can use a loop (for or while) to iterate through
each number in that range and accumulate the sum.

## Exercise 8:

To check if a string is a palindrome, you can compare the characters at corresponding positions from the beginning and
end of the string. If they match for all positions, then the string is a palindrome.

## Exercise 9:

To print the numbers from 1 to 100, you can use a loop (for or while) to iterate through each number in that range. For
each number, you can check if it is a multiple of 3, 5, or both, and output the corresponding string ("Fizz", "Buzz",
or "FizzBuzz") or the number itself.

## Exercise 10:

To print a triangle pattern using asterisks, you can use a loop (for or while) to iterate through the rows of the
triangle. For each row, you can print a certain number of asterisks based on the row number.

# RO

## Exercițiul 1:

Pentru a rezolva acest exercițiu, o abordare ar putea implica parcurgerea fiecărui caracter din șir și verificarea dacă
este un spațiu sau nu. Dacă nu este un spațiu, puteți incrementa o variabilă contor. În final, puteți afișa valoarea
contorului.

## Exercițiul 2:

Pentru acest exercițiu, puteți solicita utilizatorului să introducă trei numere și să le stocați în variabile. Apoi,
puteți compara numerele folosind instrucțiuni condiționale (if-else sau elif) pentru a determina care este cel mai mare.
În final, puteți afișa cel mai mare număr.

## Exercițiul 3:

Pentru a inversa un șir de caractere, o abordare ar putea implica parcurgerea caracterelor în ordine inversă și
adăugarea fiecărui caracter la un nou șir. În final, puteți afișa șirul inversat.

## Exercițiul 4:

Pentru a afișa toate numerele pare de la 1 la un anumit număr, puteți utiliza o buclă (for sau while) pentru a parcurge
fiecare număr din acea gamă. Apoi, puteți verifica dacă fiecare număr este par sau nu, folosind o instrucțiune
condițională. Dacă este par, puteți afișa numărul.

## Exercițiul 5:

Pentru a verifica dacă două șiruri de caractere sunt anagrame, puteți compara versiunile sortate ale șirurilor. Dacă
șirurile sortate sunt egale, atunci șirurile originale sunt anagrame. De asemenea, puteți compara frecvențele
caracterelor din cele două șiruri pentru a verifica anagramele.

## Exercițiul 6:

Pentru a număra numărul de vocale dintr-o propoziție, puteți parcurge fiecare caracter din propoziție și verificați dacă
este o vocală. Dacă este, puteți incrementa o variabilă contor. În final, puteți afișa valoarea contorului.

## Exercițiul 7:

Pentru a găsi suma tuturor numerelor de la 1 la un anumit număr întreg pozitiv, puteți utiliza o buclă (for sau while)
pentru a parcurge fiecare număr din acea gamă și acumula suma.

## Exercițiul 8:

Pentru a verifica dacă un șir de caractere este un palindrom, puteți compara caracterele de la pozițiile corespondente
din început și sfârșitul șirului. Dacă se potrivește pentru toate pozițiile, atunci șirul este un palindrom.

## Exercițiul 9:

Pentru a afișa numerele de la 1 la 100, puteți utiliza o buclă (for sau while) pentru a parcurge fiecare număr din acea
gamă. Pentru fiecare număr, puteți verifica dacă este multiplu de 3, 5 sau ambele și afișați șirul corespunzător ("
Fizz", "Buzz" sau "FizzBuzz") sau numărul în sine.

## Exercițiul 10:

Pentru a afișa un model de triunghi utilizând asteriscuri, puteți utiliza o buclă (for sau while) pentru a parcurge
rândurile triunghiului. Pentru fiecare rând, puteți afișa un anumit număr de asteriscuri în funcție de numărul rândului.